Qi Tian, can you stop acting like an angry youth?
Now.
Not even a finger of Zuo Jingjun
Y'all don't open this bag
How can I know that my gift is not as good as his?
Get out of here
I don't like to eat
Did you know that the bag you just threw away
None of your ten Tian families can compare
Miss, look at the heart of true love
True love sincerely pays 100 million for the ring
Yes
This is the only thing in the Dragon Kingdom that money can't buy
Can he give a ring of true love?
At first glance, it is a counterfeit of the street stall
Shangnong Industrial Villa
$100 billion in contracts.
Is it mom
Do you really believe him?
Just like him
Can it be true?
May not believe
Lied to our Tian family
Believe it or not, I'll let you starve and complete in Sea City
You know today
It is the new product launch of our Tian family.
You still have these counterfeits
Let our Tian family be embarrassed with you
If that's your purpose
Then you have reached
It only makes me feel resentful
If you don't believe
That counts.
Stop, how dare you mistake Miss Tian Ke
I will fight you